Huhhh?
Ohhh?!
Zola!
Lady Zola!
You all right?
"Oh, Lady Zola! Maro's so glad you're okay!"
Didn't think I'd see you again.
What happened since we saw you?
I had a really hard time finishing off Szabo. 
"And when I finally defeated him and tried to get to you, Nene's fortress began to bury itself underground. "
I was looking everywhere for you guys when I came across this hangar. 
"And that's where I got the idea to ""borrow"" this mechat."
That's Maro's Lady Zola!
"As I was flying away, I looked down and saw all of you."
Uh?
I saw Nene holding you captive and stealing your spheres of light.
"But you should have helped us, Lady Zola! "
Maro thought we were all gonna die!
I'm sorry. I couldn't get near the fortress.
But I thought those spheres were a source of magic. 
I assumed you wouldn't be able to use magic after that. But you're still using your Shadows.
We couldn't use magic for a while after we lost the spheres. But we can now. 
How can you?
"Well, you see, we felt that we couldn't let Nene get away with everything."
"While we were separated, we went to other villages. "
"In all these places, Nene did terrible things to the people."
We had to stop him. We had to save everybody!
We wanted strength. And all that made me feel so... eeeaaggaahh!
"""Eeeaaggaahh""?"
"We couldn't hold our anger back. And then, everyone's magic returned. "
"Hmm, interesting. I heard from King Jibral that the Ancients referred to magic as ""the light that lies within oneself."""
Oneself?
The light?
The light that is born from the emotions of the heart... 
is like a newborn baby. It just struggles and cries out. 
"But if one can control it, that infant power can be a tremendous power. "
It is a basic truth of this world that there can be no shadow without light. 
"If the light within you casts a sinister shadow, "
you must defeat it and turn it into a pure light. 
"If the light and shadow become as one, only then can you draw upon it's infinite power."
"Hmmm, that's so confusing, Lady Zola."
"I might not really understand the reasons why, but when we got our Shadows back, "
we just seemed to instinctively know that we had to control them.
And we defeated them.
Instinct. I see... 
"Marumaro, your Shadow is very cool."
Really? Really truly?
Yes. Let's fight again together.
Wow! The Devee Dance of Joy!
There's a happy guy!
Yes. Now he'll be unstoppable!
"I thought you were just a cold mercenary, but you do have a warm heart too. "
Dance! Dance!
Wait! Dancing's not my thing.
Hold on! I can't dance!
I can't dance either!
The light within you... Perhaps nurturing Nene's soul helped them all to realize what that was...
"Zola, let's get going. Dancing is more tiring than fighting..."
You said that Nene's fortress had burrowed into the earth?
Correct. Into the mechat. We'll track him down.
Gotcha!
